Installing Movie-Server
=======================

.. highlight: sh

Movie-server depends on the Python library ``web.py``.  Further, it is
probably best to install ``lighttpd``, together with its fastcgi
support, since this is the only currently supported web server for
movie-server installations (other than the web.py development server).
Most lighttpd installs will require also installing ``flup``, the
Python library, to allow lighttpd to run Python fastcgi processes.

You should also install ``vlc`` and ``mpd``.  On some systems, the
command-line client for Music Player Daemon is package separately, so
install ``mpc`` if your distribution provides this package.

The suggested way to set up movie-server is to create a new account on
your machine (called, say, ``media``) and clone the repository into
that account's home directory.  To somehow do it otherwise will
require messing a bit with path.

After the files and dependencies are in place, it is time to edit the
configuration files.  First, search for all files ending in
``.example``::

    $ find -name "*.example"

Each of these files should be copied to the same file name less the
``.example`` and edited to reflect the peculiarities of your system.
Configuration files are commented.

One must edit the Music Player Daemon configuration to make it output
audio to a FIFO --- this requires enabling the ``fifo`` type
``audio_output`` block and setting its ``path`` option to some
location writable by your ``mpd`` process.

Finally, for all hosts in your hegemony, somehow set up public key
authentication for SSH.  The simplest solution is to make all
``media`` accounts in the hegemony share the same key pair (and allow
that pair).

It is important to note that for movie-server to work correctly, the
``media`` account must have access to both audio and an X server.  The
first can be granted by adding ``media`` to the ``audio`` group; the
second can either be done by running the X server from ``media`` (see:
`https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Start_X_at_Boot`_) or by running
``xhost +local:`` from the X server that you want ``media`` to connect
to.
